Add user interface for graph editor graph layout parameters (#406)
hexatomic/hexatomic: docs/user/src/usage/graph-editor/filter.md

# Filter visible annotations

To access additional filter options, click and expand a relevant category in the **Filter View** section.

![Screenshot of the graph editor with expanded filter view](filter-view.png)

> You can choose to display spans and their annotations in the graph, by first expanding **Annotation Types** and the checking the checkbox **Spans**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can choose to display spans and their annotations in the graph, by first expanding **Annotation Types** and then checking the checkbox **Spans**. 
```

Fix typo.

> Spans are special nodes to collect a number of tokens and to annotate them all at once.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Spans are special nodes that "collect" a number of tokens.
Span annotations can then be made for that *specific set* of tokens, e.g., a phrase, clause or sentence.
```

Improve wording. "Annotating all at once" sounds like you would use spans to add annotations to all tokens, whereas spans in itself are meaningful units.

If you want to learn more about spans, please read the [Salt documentation](http://corpus-tools.org/salt/#documentation).

> Similarly, you can show or hide pointing relations between nodes in the graph by using the checkbox **Pointing Relations**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Similarly, you can show or hide pointing relations between nodes in the graph by using the checkbox **Pointing Relations**.
```

Add blank line to separate this point from the span explanation above.

**Node Annotations** allows you to filter the segments that include annotations of a specific *name*.
To add a filter criterion (also called a "facet"), search for an annotation name in the text field and select the matching annotation.

> This creates a box with the annotation name of the applied filter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This creates a new filter badge with the annotation name of the applied filter.
```

I think "filter badge" is a better name for the thing.

> You can add more than one filter and any node, that contains any of the selected annotation names, will be shown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add more than one filter. All nodes that contain any of the selected annotation names will be shown.
```

Separate sentences.

> Click on the close button to delete the annotation name filter again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click on the close button on a filter badge to delete the respective annotation name filter.
```

Make more precise.
